9am
Ateeq: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I was thinking this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless you have something really sort of pressing
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm with your wife maybe what we could do this morning is is do a little bit of work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together individually with some underlying stuff. I don't know if you want to create a little bit more privacy completely up to you but you're going to want it for the kind of work I want to do with you.
Ateeq: Okay. Um, I did wake her up for luck.
Ateeq: Yeah, she's here now, but I see you again on the team.
Ateeq: Is the next time we can do it on the team.
Ateeq: The team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you guys settle in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll open up while you're doing that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just so you know, and let Cara know that my ears are really bad today. So I'm going to be flipping my head up and down a lot today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Honey, and to do the body is an imperfect thing.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can share with me if you like while I'm hosting this note a little bit about how you've been doing at work emotionally
Ateeq: I bet. Okay. I work. Yeah, I've been. I mean, you know, I go up there and do my work part
Ateeq: But I mean, work is his own drama.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, how is it affecting you on an emotional level how intense. Are you feeling stress from what's going on there.
Ateeq: Yeah, well, you got it or and then I found out one of the guys I work with MS facility. He passed away recently with cove. It also. So I get to hear it every time I'm at work.
Ateeq: And then we had a meeting yesterday and I ended up getting in trouble because I was giving out too many mass
Ateeq: So those two
Gwenevere Abriel: But how did that affect you. So it's one thing to say these are the facts. I was reprimanded and told not to give out as many, but it's a different question to ask, how is it affecting you.
Ateeq: To have been I just felt irritated from me getting in trouble by that because I do so much more for the company. And it's like it didn't matter what I did. They
Ateeq: Hear some mass. Yeah.
Ateeq: They care more about the supplies.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, so their focus was on something other than what you value yeah out that is very annoying pretty common for an employer, though I gotta say.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do that, and only focus on what we mistakes we make. And that's kind of what supervisors are for they're only looking out for what goes wrong with their staff so
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. So, Karen, how are you doing
Ateeq: Are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Not bad. I was letting a teeth, know that my ears are bad today. So you're going to see me doing some head slippage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, just letting you know just keeping you in the loop.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me kind of see where we left off last night last time I'm just orient myself a little bit, but that doesn't preclude you guys from kind of updating me
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you had sort of a leveling out is there improved communication. What are you noticing Kara for you as far as how the relationship is right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and I'm saying Kira instead of carra so I think I should change that. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we're fighting a lot and is the is the content, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: The important part, or is it, like, Oh, we're fighting a lot over silliness. And we don't even doesn't even matter what it is, or is it really there's there's some important things going on in content.
Same stuff we can find about
Okay.
Ateeq: I just feel like now that uh she, uh, she got the marina.
Ateeq: A while back, and I feel like it's just making a really hormonal
Ateeq: Oh, yeah. So I think it's affecting your hormones.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she's
Ateeq: Just been very snappy with me. That's my feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, snappy. So maybe we can get into that. So you have a theory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And car for you. What do you think is contributing to an increased arguing what do you think's going on.
Ateeq: No are you, I'm very sensitive to hormones.
Ateeq: I do notice a difference when I'm off of birth control because I was on Devo at the beginning of the year, then
Ateeq: It faded away like in February. And I was, I did notice a difference. But that's not really an option for me right now to not be on birth control. So I've tried this is basically my last shot. I've tried everything.
Ateeq: Okay, so basically Marina is the last thing that is available to me. Okay. Um, so I it's difficult for me.
Ateeq: Um,
Ateeq: I guess in the midst of it to notice if I'm being like that.
Ateeq: I do believe him that I am probably being more snappy. I don't really notice it.
Ateeq: It's just seems normal to me. I, I feel normal.
Ateeq: Um, but I probably I know what this probably not the way it is.
I feel
Ateeq: I feel normal. But I do notice a difference when I'm off of or control.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you notice when you're off of it.
I
Ateeq: I guess I'm just more calm more mellow. I'm not. I don't react to things as harshly.
Ateeq: But I don't notice that I do it well are on birth control like it's I look back, and I'm like, oh, that was kind of rude click
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so what I'm hearing you say as you can recognize a difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're off of hormones.
Ateeq: Yes, but
Gwenevere Abriel: In the moment
Ateeq: It's very difficult for me to I just kind of leave it on him. I'm like, why, why don't you understand me. Why don't you give me some space like
Ateeq: I yeah okay it's pretty much like telling a bipolar person they're bipolar the, you know, or when they're having their ups and downs. It's like telling them because my dad's bipolar.
Ateeq: With them, you know, so it's like he didn't know what was going on during the time it was going on. He thought everything was okay.
Ateeq: But, but then after he came down from his high point. He then realized he was
Gwenevere Abriel: So the big difference here is that a car is not
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, so just because we have additional hormones that dial up a response. It doesn't mean that she's not able to access all of the different parts of her brain.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're, you have a really sort of almost traumatic really history with
Gwenevere Abriel: Seeing things with your own senses, seeing and hearing them and not being able to communicate it to your father, but she is not your father. And so let's spend a little bit of time about how you can see her in a way
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not him.
Ateeq: No, no, that's not what I'm saying. I mean, I just want to give an example to like our were at the store the other day.
Ateeq: He said he, he said, You sound a little hormonal you sounded creepy hormonal and I was like, and at the time I was like that just not healthy at all like, but that just makes me mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so notice it's about
Gwenevere Abriel: So we want to have some productivity here today, right, we want to move and have some new ation new experiences. So let's not get too hung up on my failure to deliver my sales pitch well enough, and I apologize. I didn't say it the right way.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you see your wife. I know you don't see your dad. But what happens is, notice that
Gwenevere Abriel: What may happen is you may inhibit a communication. Because of this, this old history. That's all. So let's just get into number one.
Gwenevere Abriel: No woman on this planet is probably going to respond well to
Gwenevere Abriel: Your PMS saying your hormonal there's very few women on this planet that will want
Gwenevere Abriel: This this assignment instead of the validity of the content of what's being said it's a pretty universal experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so, you know, you may be thinking, it's the hormones and she may actually if you gave it 60 seconds or hundred and 20 seconds if you said it in a slightly different way. She might be able to hear it. Um, but what happens when we say
Gwenevere Abriel: Imagine the other way around. Imagine you said to her, that's your bipolar disorder and her concern was actually a real one, as in
Gwenevere Abriel: Something's really going on. What happens is the content of what we're talking about gets dismissed because of a condition and that feels crappy for all of us. So it takes five and said to you. Oh, that's, that's just because you're an addict.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might feel dismissed unimportant not valued not character would you say
Ateeq: Yeah.
Ateeq: But see, the reason I even said that
Ateeq: Whereas, because he told me, I'm on this Marina. And I remember how it was acting on the demo. Let me know if I like that. And I just let her know that was it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to start right there. We're going to talk about a phrase that doesn't piss her off and make her feel defensive. We're just going to pick one. See how she's smiling. She's already giggling because it's like, yeah, we gotta have a better phrase.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so look at her face. You see, you see your smile.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's not about it is we like things delivered in a particular way. We all do you have a particular thing that information can go in more palatable. And so to shape.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't mind being called out when I'm all dialed up but I'd like it said in a way that's loving and kind. So let's come up with a phrase so Cara. What is something you would not immediately get ticked off by
Ateeq: Just
Ateeq: Hold me like a situation just be like baby kind of snapping and be a little bit like I don't think that's fair or like or
Ateeq: Something like that, just like you're kind of short with me, like what's going on, or just something that recognizes the behavior, instead of just waiting on
Ateeq: Hormones or something because sometimes I am a little snappy, but it's because I'm irritated about something in particular, it's not just all the work, but sometimes I feel like my presence around or make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to get to that when we're almost there. Notice that we're focusing on Kara for just a second and never going to get to your my presence seems to irritate you, Kara. So we're going to get into that in a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go to to snappy. So what you liked about that scenario is that it was behavior, not me. I'm not hormone. It's you like that better. And we are helping out. So a teak what is something. So did you hear her just now, or she says I like
Ateeq: Oh,
Ateeq: I heard
Ateeq: I heard her
Ateeq: She said that she would she would rather hear me say it in a different way instead of calling her straight out and saying you're being hormonal just say you're being a little bit snappy with me, you're being a little short with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's see if it works. So talk directly to her. I know this is more uncomfortable, but this is real life, see if it works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so, uh, take hey you're going to say, Hey, oh yes. Right, I'm noticing you're being a little, a little snappy. And then let's see how you feel when you hear that, so look at each other. Go away from me look at each other. Go ahead.
Ateeq: Hey, I noticed that you're being a little bit snappy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's see, just
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so now Cairo, you have to decide how you're going to take that in you can be defensive. If you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Or you could say it's not all of me that he's addressing it's well let me see. Was I short, do I have a short fuse right now. Am I feeling and patient or is he just not like a topic I'm bringing up like so what just happened just now. Did it go in, or did you want to reject that too.
If
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kara. How did it feel. Did you feel offended. Did you get as pest. How did, how did you receive that
Ateeq: Return.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, see you don't mind that.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, so in my world right I'm wanting I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me check on something. Hey, a teak when she snippy when she snapping
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just curious. How does it feel when she snapping at you.
Ateeq: It just makes me defensive
Okay.
Ateeq: If I start to wonder, like, what did I do, I do. I didn't do nothing.
Ateeq: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me ask, let me see what happens if you send that to her just just indulge me because you know how much I love the I feels
Gwenevere Abriel: So good to see if you can add that piece to it. Hey, sweetie, I'm I feel defensive. It seems like you're snapping at me try that. Look at her and try something like that.
It girl.
Ateeq: I feel like juice snapping at me is making me defensive
Ateeq: Did that
Gwenevere Abriel: How did that feel Kara.
Fake
Gwenevere Abriel: Fake
Gwenevere Abriel: Fake. Okay, so we don't want fake. So that was a lot of the one of our in there, but you'll you'll take it in with just the behavior observations. So what will put us. Okay, fine.
Ateeq: I'll do it again.
Ateeq: Me, I get defensive. I don't like it. That's
Ateeq: That's me really
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you like that. You also know about your sweetheart and how he feels. Did you like that part.
Included
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, you don't think that's true. So
Ateeq: I feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but if you're already feeling, in a sense, and patient and irritable, we might miss or even not care because we're irritable. It's like, oh, I've already got enough on my plate.
Ateeq: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to nail feel we feel and on a mirror that and just want this moment over with. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh teak
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one are you more likely to do. Hey, hey, Kara, sweetie, kind of seeming snippy
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you okay, that's one of our style um but Carol all you care about. All you need is just bring it to my attention or do you need more
Ateeq: And you'll know what are you okay with that would be good.
Ateeq: What I usually do is if I get a negative vibe my way I always push it back.
Ateeq: I'm like fire with fire, and I try not to do that, you know, I don't do it as much as I used to. But sometimes, it still comes there where I'd like that.
Ateeq: At the time, it's happening.
Ateeq: I'm getting more defensive and then I'm getting more mad and irritated to and cheese irritated.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just know we had a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Delay in our we were meeting, back to back for a while and I was starting to get a sense that some progress was being made. And I think that when we haven't been needing and we might default back to our old ways that's pretty common RIGHT TO GO BACK TO to that.
Ateeq: We haven't met for a while. It's been a wild that we met.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. So I like it. I think it's pretty cool. Um, I want you to think about how, how does it feel Kara to know that he's owning he's not blaming you for his defensiveness. He's just saying I feel defensive when I sense that you're being snippy
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see the difference like he's owning it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Versus showing you defensiveness. Do you see the difference.
Ateeq: I like
Ateeq: A lot of times
Ateeq: His emotions are my fault. Like I feel like a certain way, if that makes her feel a certain way, it just that just blows up with something bigger.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I know it seems part because I heard you say a little phony earlier, a key. One of the reasons why this thing I asked you guys to do of the I feel. Notice how she just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get the sense that a teak I'm responsible for how you feel. Do you know we're not actually we're not responsible for each other's feelings. I actually am
Ateeq: Responsible. No, I know.
Ateeq: I know, but it has to do, and I know where where it's coming from, is because when I feel
Ateeq: Her in a negative way, I throw that negative at her too. And she feels like because she's like that she's responsible or I feel like I'm responsible for her feeling because not that I just get naked up right away to
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk to you guys.
Ateeq: It's kind of what I'm trying to do is odd because she's back with me. I'm planning cater bar.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Pretty common pretty common one. Do you remember this invitation around making a commitment to each other about
Gwenevere Abriel: Somebody first the first person to notice.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on with the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know if they say it. That is, it's a real deliberate, intentional thing. It doesn't sound like either the commitment was made or that it was followed through with I could have sworn we did a little something with that. I don't know if we follow through with it, you
Know,
Ateeq: Yesterday, what happened was I, I have literally just woken up. He was in the shower. The baby was crying. I had just woken up
Ateeq: I had to change your DIAPERS. SHE HAD A BIG messy diaper and he I came up here to throw it away and he told me. Good morning, and I was like, like I could barely get it out. She didn't say nothing. I did tell you. Good morning, she ignored me and went to the room. No, I didn't.
Ateeq: I don't blow flying here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's happening right here. So here's, here's the thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so many can be going on a maybe he didn't hear you be he may have already been in such a distress reaction that he couldn't hear you.
Ateeq: Well he's halfway deaths. Are you surprised if he did
Gwenevere Abriel: So right so he doesn't mean it wasn't said, but notice that you were both here's a tea Kevin good intentions meeting someone who's already barely coping with the morning it's like really
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Ateeq: Yeah, I just woke up to it exploded diaper her clothes were dirty. I was exhausted. I was. Yeah, but, but this is the part I was talking about, not even that
Ateeq: After that we were fine. We were talking, everything was normal and then bam you would laugh about what happened earlier. I was like, what's wrong with you, there's like hours later, I was like what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: He's
Ateeq: He's already tried to get over it, but he couldn't do it was making me mad because all of a sudden she was rude to me. And then she was being all nice to me. So I told her, because I have welcome to be nice to me. If you're gonna be rude to me. That'd be rude to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I take this is what happens if you knew you had this choice in that morning. So this is how could have played out care. And I wonder if the day would have been different. And I wonder if the day would have been different if you did it like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, sweetie.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm still offended from an from two hours ago I got my feelings hurt like you weren't happy to see me in the morning. Remember, I've talked with Glenn about how I vibe with whatever mood, you're in. I'm still stuck two hours ago. I'm still stuck in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you imagine Kara hearing him say that
Ateeq: But the happy more me yeah automated worse know
Ateeq: If you tell me how you're feeling instead of hiding to get pissed off, you think that would know September I could get that she can read my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that's so, so important. You said
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys are so
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I tell you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: We women are really good at guessing, but it's really not our responsibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do.
Gwenevere Abriel: The thinking for you. And it's actually can feel sometimes intrusive, like, get out of my head like don't read my mind. So on one hand it's a good thing. She can't read your mind. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are your private thoughts. So one of the reasons why I keep focusing and refocusing and focusing on feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Is because whether you have an opinion about feelings or not. There they are. And they run the show. So you're either in charge and conscious of them, or you're going to be making decisions on unconscious motivating emotions so
Gwenevere Abriel: Look what happened because you i'm guessing your belief system is its weak or you should already know what I'm thinking.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you decided, I'm not going to say to her, or maybe you're embarrassed, why can I get over these feelings from earlier in the morning. Or maybe I'm supposed to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be a man or something like it doesn't fit that image that someone could hold on to feelings for three hours. I don't know what belief you have underneath it. That's kind of why I want to keep doing the individual therapy piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice how you just said it. I kind of expect her to already know what I'm thinking. And she should know
Gwenevere Abriel: We've known each other long enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, go ahead.
Ateeq: I have kind of an idea like his parents don't talk about stuff like that. Like, they don't have conversations like that if his mom is mad, his mom will
Ateeq: Yell his dad down and he just sits there and says, okay, like they don't talk about emotions like that. They never did. I'm sure they never did with their growth. No. Yeah.
Ateeq: The previous long term relationships. He's had if they would get to fight it would just stop talking for weeks. Like he literally lived with her and they will stop talking for yeah look sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Us to
Ateeq: Matthew to stop talking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so let's do this. Go grab a nice clean, fresh white piece of paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're going to have an emergency communication list. Okay.
Ateeq: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna go see if I can find one that I used in the past, you go find that one. And I'll go see if I can find the one that I used to have hide it around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would be convenient if
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to have this around and I'd like it to be laminated maybe down the line. If you guys like it you can create one. It could be laminated, you know, you could do like an online order kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: See right back.
Ateeq: Okay.
Do you want
Ateeq: Okay. Do you want to play. I can
Ateeq: Hear a typical Grover. I want her but she's not planning.
Ateeq: Your stuff up the interface.
Ateeq: To this Ruby. Do you want to give her some medicine like you're not the Tylenol. Where is it, it's at the packets. There should be a single packet out oh inside the box because I through the foil away. But there's one of the little things in there. You don't say.
Ateeq: He smell.
Ateeq: She didn't put for you this morning when he changed her maybe
Ateeq: That's why she slapped
Ateeq: If I can stop her from pooping of the board inch asleep.
Ateeq: There should be one just a single one in here. Yeah. Now with the foil. Do you want to bring it here. And if you get it.
Ateeq: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so grab that piece of paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm thinking some good ones.
Up.
Gwenevere Abriel: At the top, nice and big and leave spaces in between because maybe some maybe you could even like that idea. You ever have these things, you know, the plastic covers that go over like
Ateeq: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So instead of laminating
Gwenevere Abriel: And down the line. They're kind of fun for crafting you guys I'm if you ever again eliminator they're good, because then you can use a dry erase. And so here's what my my thought is, um, so at the top. Let's put
Gwenevere Abriel: I nice and big nice and clear big like fun like this big. You know, I mean like big so it's nice and easy to see. I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Defensive
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me tell you something. This is so handy and then put dot dot dot
Gwenevere Abriel: And then leave some space, maybe a couple lines and then let's put
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Ateeq: was quick. Oh no. Yeah, I couldn't hear nothing. You're back now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's okay. I didn't even say the second one. So the second was, what's a frequent you when you feel car. What's a frequent experience. I feel impatient grumpy tired. What's a frequent one for you.
Emergency
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't log back in, it won't let you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what yeah I'm going to log out myself and just see if that snaps it away come in to come out.